pathetically that's what i see happening
on the internet i saw it happening
before the internet with the left wing
in toronto you know
after 1989 so you know there'd be people
who you know
subscribe to a certain form of left-wing
feminism and believe all pornography is
evil
and then they're only friends with other
left-wing feminists who believe
pornography is evil and over there in
the other corner of the room
there are other left-wing feminists who
actually think pornography is good and
positive and okay
they're sex positive they have a
different view of it and they're only
friends with other left-wing feminists
who agree with them on that you know
these you know tiny counterproductive
ultimately you know invidious and
hateful groups of people
cut off from everyone else and most of
their political energy instead of been
organized and do something positive
goes into cutting themselves off from
others
[Music]
i i think durianrider is wrong on so
many levels
i think our most beloved vegan gurus
right now
are wrong and flawed on so many levels
to the point where it's dangerous for
what you want to call maybe resembles a
movement which it doesn't but i'll go
with it because you guys love to use
that word
movements and community you know i think
it is dangerous for our image
when you got a guy like durianrider
basically telling people to drop out of
university
um i think it is dangerous when you got
people like freely the banana girl that
you know though she doesn't mean to and
i never heard her really talk
much about she hasn't denounced going to
school much
i mean maybe a few times but whether
intentionally or intentionally she has
spawned
all these what i would call freely
clones whether they're in australia or
california and just these
you know skinny women most of them are
very average looking
and they want to kind of live that life
of a vlogger uh
and being vegan and receive some kind of
fame popularity and you know eventually
money on youtube
you know she spawned these like clones
that may be their only
you know contribution to veganism
um you know when we really look back on
it five years from now 10 years from now
perhaps you know their only contribution
will have been that they discourage
people from getting educations and now
we have
you know 5 10 15 years later
members of our you know vegan community
that did have the potential
to be very influential and because they
did not go to school
uh and try to make it on youtube and now
they're serving tables or working at
starbucks or
you know whatever hell they got to do i
don't know how is this going to look 5
15 years from now i i don't know i'm i'm
only
i'm merely offering a a different angle
still to this day i get emails and
messages demanding
that i denounce the vegan cheetah for
those of you don't know
you can enjoy and understand this video
without knowing who he is
he's one of my fellow vegans you're on
the internet he
engaged in digital activism digital
public education
using social media to get people talking
about veganism in various ways
and he's a guy who in many ways i do not
have much in common with
uh i've commented many times it's hard
to imagine that he if he and i had met
face to face that we would have become
friends the guy
is such a heavy smoker he's such a heavy
nicotine addict
that it's hard for me to imagine sitting
in the same room with him and having a
conversation
you know maybe if we were outdoors on a
porch you know
the wind was taking away the cloud of
nicotine that's around him all the time
maybe i could put up with his company
but i mean in so many obvious ways he
and i are guys who are just very
different who just have nothing in
common
and it's kind of sad to me that people
can't look at the friendship we have
and say gee isn't that wonderful that
two people who are so different
who have so little in common have this
one thing in common have this
you know ethical commitment to veganism
in common
and they're able to build a kind of
friendship around it you know very
unusual very rare
sort of friendship can you imagine a
world
where vegans don't just get on youtube
and
i guess try to you know get popular make
money
um spread the message by any
means necessary can you imagine a world
where
where the same vegans get the [ __ ] off
of youtube once in a while
receive some diplomas get their degrees
pursue an education
and actually get real influential jobs
and positions out in the real world
imagine a world where
members of the police department in your
local town happen to be vegan
imagine a world where members of
your you know local tv stations radio
stations any kind of
influential media company that's
constantly providing content
you know whether through cable or the
airwaves or or what not
imagine if these people happen to be
vegan perhaps the producer
of a major television network in new
york city or los
angeles happens to be vegan imagine a
world where
daycare workers teachers professors
happen to be vegan imagine a world in
the medical field where medical
directors
medical administrators hospital
administrators
happen to be vegan and what
that could lead to uh the kind of
influential positions
that are really gonna you know we are
gonna need to obtain if we're gonna
actually have an impact on the society
you know on the one hand there's this
theme i've already talked about so many
times the issue of tolerance
i have videos that begin with the word
tolerance and end with the word
tolerance
and where i come back to again and again
this concept have been laying down
that politics the virtue politics
requires
is tolerance and being tolerant of
someone else is very different from
agreeing with them
uh being tolerant you know you don't
tolerate people
uh you have everything come with you
don't tolerate people you think are
right
you tolerate people you think are wrong
the internet has has kind of exaggerated
a tendency that was already widespread
in the left wing i think after 1989
after the fall the berlin wall where
people on the left
really defined themselves by a sort of
moral purity
that consisted in denouncing others and
on the internet obviously there are
people who literally spend hours each
day
whether it's on twitter on conversation
forms whatever denouncing others for
being morally
fair to them and still to this day i get
fan mail from people
i just got one the other day that was
very sincere someone writing to me
saying they were a huge fan of my
channel they're a huge fan of me
but that they were never again gonna
watch my channel or my content
because i had not denounced the vegan
cheetah this other guy
for his for his opinions for things that
you know i some things of
that i do disagree with and other things
that i'm indifferent to but just
illustrate how different he is for me
you know they're more idiosyncratic
you might say not necessarily matters of
principle or what have you i got
two points here first uh there's a
difference between debate and
denunciation
and none of these people ask me to
debate the cheetah none of them are
asking me to engage in
you know like i
i i wish there was more debate even
between me and the people who are
currently my supporters or or my fans
i mean it was wonderful that i got
support from
um vegan gains i don't have a lot in
common with the guy we're both vegan
obviously there's room for debate there
debate is not denunciation i was
wonderful i've gotten support from
unnatural vegan
uh thanks to her for for shouting me out
and so and she's done so in the past she
did so again now in this
you know somewhat surreal circumstance
of living in however
again there's difference between debate
and denunciation there are many things i
disagree with her about
and i think they're worth discussing i
think they're worth debating
[Applause]
i'm not going to denounce her i'm not
going to do what
these people are demanding i do with
vegan cheetah i'm not gonna say she's uh
she's a terrible person or what have you
i'm not gonna turn this into a proof of
my own moral purity
by showing how intolerant i am towards
her the whole point is to tolerate and
cooperate with
and you know build constituency with
people
who you do disagree with and i don't
mean this with any hate in my heart
like i said freely was the one that
originally inspired me to go vegan
um and i'm sure she's inspired lots of
others to go vegan but uh
same thing with durianrider but there is
definitely
negative consequences that we can
speculate that we can almost
foresee and you can kind of see what's
going on right now
the the freely clones the durianrider
cycling clones
and you know this idea that oh if we
just upload youtube content and go troll
people in public that's nothing a lot of
people want me to go troll people in
public well is that really going to make
a difference
and maybe entertaining for you guys here
you know when you see joey cardstrong
you know what i mean going out in public
with his microphone and you know he
thinks he's making a big difference and
everything and that that's great and it
may be entertaining for you or i
um you know what is he really doing with
his life though you know what i mean
there is a charles marlowe
that that i knew the original charles
marlowe
before the the drugs did the damage to
his personality that they've done
because he's done a lot of drugs over
the years and they've changed him and
nothing's changed to more than the meth
though oh yeah i'm telling you he
and that's the scary thing nothing has
changed like he did pills and all kinds
of things but he
he used to be a different person charles
and i grew up
together not like in diapers but you
know
ninth grade basically high school we
had bands and music projects
growing up and also i got into music
production i
produced as people know a lot of his
songs
especially his most recent songs what
was it like living with him
oh man he would usually be waking up
and he didn't know i was still awake
sometimes and i would see him
or witness him you know being high
you know um and i knew he was doing meth
it could have been cocaine or something
but i think he was doing meth
he didn't really ever like sleep you
know it seemed like he slept basically
about four hours a night
so that's one thing i'll say that was
weird and
he i woke up to him rocking back and
forth one morning and he was like i'm
sorry this is all a little bit
scattered right now but i woke up you
can edit this part but um
i woke up one morning he was rocking
back and forth and shivering
but it was like 105 degrees out
and um he had this blanket wrapped
around he was like shivering on the
couch and i woke up because he was going
like
[Applause]
he was like you know doing this really
weird
like i've never seen anyone do anything
like that his
mental capacity yeah
deteriorated throughout all of last year
like he was
he used to be actually kind of smart and
it's gone
the whole point is to tolerate and
cooperate with and
you know build constituency with people
who you do disagree with
you're not trying to build a fanatical
puritanical religious movement
you're trying to build a broad-based
coalition
where you know to different degrees you
interact with and cooperate with people
i've met several people through through
veganism
who are heavily into uh bdsm
you know into uh being a dominatrix or
dominator or this
this kind of stuff now i'm not against
it i'm not i don't i don't see it as a
you know
it's it's not morally offensive to me
but that's
not what i'm into that's not who i am
but you know
why you know what are you gonna have
this attitude of kick
out everyone who doesn't dis who doesn't
agree with you on this
unending list of moral principles that
tries to define who you are
as morally pure you know people like
this are so close minded that when i
ask these questions and when i call
people out you know they're going to
leave negative comments on my
on my channel uh you know joe and i used
to be pretty tight you know as
far as being on youtube and you know him
living in australia and me
in new york as tight as you can be i
guess and uh
you know completely denounced me uh not
only in his vlog had his
uh [ __ ] boy glucose network uh call me
a
a [ __ ] [ __ ] or something like
that uh not only did that but you know
denounce me in the comments sections and
it's because they're very close-minded
people and you know i don't mean to
generalize adelaide but it's it is the
adelaide crowd that uh
i guess brings this kind of this level
of immaturity negativity
you know it's not every vegan from
adelaide but it is the vegans that live
in adelaide that's
uh you know it didn't start in
california
and it didn't start in new york um you
know this started in adelaide
i don't know if it's a cultural thing or
what think about all of the terrible
unforgivable things the catholic church
has done
and now think of all the terrible
unforgivable things that the vegan
cheetah has done
you know charles this this internet
personality you guys are having such a
such a great time tearing apart you know
now if your point is that morality is
contagious
that i have to cut myself off from
someone and denounce them
as evil because if i don't their
immorality
is gonna catch on to me like a disease
that i myself am gonna be infected by
how politically incorrect they are
that's that's the thinking here
is that if i don't cut off and denounce
vegan cheetah because
he's made some comments about what kind
of women he wants to sleep with on his
instagram or these kinds of things
you know which may be in bad taste and
you may be offended and you can
you can write into him i think he
actually does reply to fan mail and hate
mail of that kind
he's aware of the fact that a lot of
what he says is somewhat
somewhat offensive you know
the idea is if i don't denounce him and
cut him off then i am tired by the same
brush
i'm blackened by the same sin and i
catch
the disease i become as bad and evil and
immoral as him
well let me tell you something the
catholic church
within my lifetime has covered up
atrocities including uh pedophilia
sexual exploitation of children on an
unbelievable scale
in ireland spain south america
asia you know around the world
uh of course in the united states of
america in canada you know
god and what they you know residential
school his crisis you know
history of the catholic church in canada
the sex crimes alone
during my lifetime that the catholic
church is guilty of
are so much more serious that there's a
solid argument
that i should refuse to be friends with
somebody who supported the catholic
church during this time
or somebody who still supports the
catholic church today that makes a lot
more sense
than cutting off someone like cheetah
who's a vegan and who's pursuing
activism in his own way
who's discussing these issues in his own
way and who he has says and does some
offensive things
reflecting the kind of guy he is which
is very different kind of guy i am
and yet you know we've all been trained
we all do know that tolerance matters
we all know that you have to tolerate
someone who's a catholic or who still
supports the catholic church despite
this
even if you don't agree with them
tolerance only matters when you don't
agree
when you do agree with them tolerance is
irrelevant i think
we as vegans we should encourage
encourage each other to go and get
education
to pursue diplomas certificates degrees
pursue careers off of youtube we can do
youtube too we can do social media
believe me guys i'm on youtube and i'm
streaming every single day
posting to twitter instagram you know
i'm very very into it but
raising my social media profile also
gaining a degree you know an education
it puts me in a different league than
somebody like durianrider
freely the banana girl vegan gains vegan
revolution
all these guys it would it would put me
in a different league
and it's going to put you in a different
league as well you can do the
bodybuilding thing you can do the vegan
thing
but i'm encouraging you to like just
take a look at it you know would an
education make my life better
i disagree with you but i'm going to
respect you up to a certain point it's
not
it's less than respect it's tolerance
people
you can feel free to disrespect them you
can feel free to disagree with them
but this is a whole different approach
to life on earth
and look if you go back a little bit
further it's not just
uh sexual exploitation of children it's
not just the sex crimes the catholic
church
the catholic church is guilty of
genocide on an unbelievable scale of
crimes against humanity
on almost every continent on this earth
and really like if you look at the
history of the christian church in india
you know there are episodes that will
horrify you
you know so all kinds of places that are
not famous for the catholic church being
barbaric the same way
for example south america is or
australia is you know the role of the of
various christians the anglican church
and the catholic church
in australia and canada what they did
aboriginal people it's unforgivable
it leaves a stain on the whole history
of the human race
and of course it it has to shape the way
i view catholicism
and anyone who would make excuses for
and in support of catholicism day
it does in a really deep way this is
deadly deadly serious
whereas most of things people hate
cheetah for are basically a joke
um now so as i say
if you were really going to apply this
in your life if you were really going to
be intolerant and judgmental in this way
you would have to cut off almost
everyone who was a member of a
mainstream religion but certainly
catholicism anglicanism
most forms of christianity uh and you
would have to seek out the company you
know
a very narrow group of people who agree
with you on a long checklist of things
and pathetically that's what i see
happening on the internet
i saw it happening before the internet
with the left wing in toronto you know
after 1989. so you know there'd be
people who you know
subscribe to a certain form of left-wing
feminism and believe all pornography is
evil
and then they're only friends with other
left-wing feminists who believe
pornography is evil
and over there in the other corner of
the room there are other left-wing
feminists who actually think pornography
is good and positive and okay
they're sex-positive they have a
different view of it and they're only
friends with other left-wing feminists
who agree with them on that you know
these you know tiny counterproductive
ultimately you know invidious and
hateful groups of people
cut off from everyone else and most of
their political energy instead of being
organized and do something positive
goes into cutting themselves off from
others now look i've already said a
bunch of times
you tolerate people when you disagree
with them i
i don't agree with cheetah's use of the
n-word
which my impression is he doesn't do
frequently but he has been caught a few
times
using the m word on camera i don't think
it's appropriate i don't think it's good
and i wasn't aware of it until um a
certain channel drew attention to it
and when i saw this video on this other
channel just said i wrote the guys oh
you know that's interesting you know
what
i'll talk to cheetah about it and i did
we had a conversation about it in which
i you know expressed my reasons for
disagreeing with him
and he expressed his reasons for living
the way he does and
living the way he does reflects the fact
that he's an ex-convict and some of his
use of language reflects habits he
picked up in prison and so on
and that's it i communicated to him as
one human being as another
why i disagree with him what my concerns
were for the future for obviously
move on am i gonna cut him off
and refuse to speak to whatever again
for this reason
and conversely if you meet someone who
is a member of the catholic church who
gives money to the catholic church who
is giving money to support this
organization and who may be making
excuses
to justify and vindicate that
organization despite the terrible crimes
against humanity they've committed
just within the last 50 years and i mean
god go back the last 500 years
unbelievable what is the meaning of
tolerance
in our lives so thank you so much for
watching this video leave your comments
criticism down below please do give this
video a like because it really does help
me out
i close on this note people sympathy
it's not an emotion to be
wallowed in the point of sympathy is not
for you to feel
good and pure and superior to your
fellow man who lacks sympathy
okay sympathy is an analytical tool
sympathy is so important in politics
because it helps you understand other
people
you should use sympathy to understand
the perspective of the other side
the perspective of people your own side
you should use sympathy to understand
the perspective of people
who want to cooperate with you who want
to collaborate with you but who may be
profoundly different from you
for reasons as obvious of the fact that
they're a catholic
they're an ex-convict or hey you know
they're gay and you're straight
even if you're not homophobic in any way
you know
sharing your life with and cooperating
with people who have fundamentally
different religious views
different sexualities different views of
the world you know
it's a challenge but i'm i'm telling you
guys
it's worth doing it's worth making the
effort it's worth having
an open mind and an open heart and
reaching out
to your fellow human beings not to
mention your fellow vegans
and trying to make something positive
happen it doesn't always work out
sometimes you meet people and they're
actually neo-nazis
they're actually communist extremists
they're so far left-wing or so far
right-wing
or so such religious fundamentalists you
can't deal with them and you say look
i tried now i'm done trying and i'm
going to move on
but the reality is we live in a society
that's built on a history of colonialism
genocide war oppression slavery
and we're surrounded by all kinds of
people who still support those things
i've met so many australians who are
still pro-genocide
who still actively support you know
their their recent history of destroying
their indigenous people i've met so many
white canadians who are pro-genocide who
you know because i was working on first
nations i was much more aware of this
who support basically the extermination
and forced assimilation of the last
remnants
of our our native peoples and their
languages who want to see that disappear
you know and of course to me that's
that's deeply hurtful but
i used to live in cambodia cambodia is
full of people now elderly people
who committed atrocities crimes against
humanity who were involved in what we
what we call
genocide but mass murder in cambodia at
the end of the war
they didn't have trials those people
just settled down and became normal
law-abiding citizens and lived as
neighbors with the people
some of the people used to be their
victims okay so life is full of these
kinds of deep and terrible
contradictions
and the question of how catholics and
atheists
and all these different views and
beliefs can live together and work
together and cooperate together in
society
that's a question really worth pondering
and on a tiny scale
vegans who are maybe one percent of the
world's population maximum i think we're
way less than one percent but i have no
i have no viable statistics for it
within this tiny minority you really
want to break it down further
you really want to send me email asking
me to denounce the vegan cheetah
because of his blunt opinions about what
he finds attractive and a woman
look shame on you okay i'm trying to do
something positive
i hope you find it in your heart to do
something positive too
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice